sprouting can be on the Nasri birds
nursery bugs or Politan bugs sproutin
Impala teen bug is only ideal for
hardwood and semi Michalka tea as cheap
shoots which attender do not usually
survive the eye temperature in the bugs
these are two not cuttings from the
hardwood portion we are presented in the
polythene bag as you can see here now
there are presented for seven days so
after this Technol can take them to
diffusion to the planted
to sprout in those rebates select a
well-drained flat site preferably near a
source of water mark out the length and
width of each bed ensure it and neat
arrangement make sure the width allows
reach to the central portion from either
side of the bed dig up the soil with a
mattock pickaxe or
planting distance is between 10
centimeters by 10 centimeters so 10
centimeter side and 10 centimeters
the depth of the to North Cotton's
should be 1.5 cm and we're planting the
to loot cuttings will plant them
sideways to give room for germination of
good cuttings because when you plant
them upside down one would miss proud
white the other one may sprout downward
instead of the shoots coming upwards
this Emmy had good mini sense the depth
should be one dot of the length the
cotton
and the tip shoots mini-set potency of
the same debt of planting that is one
dots
Oh
of the left
this is protein in Nasri bug we used
this one in pre sprouting to most
qualities before they would be taken to
field I need to take up to two weeks
before transplanting to the moon food
the objective of rapid multiplication of
cassava is to produce planted materials
if the field is properly maintained
stems can be cut and supplied to farmers
six to seven months after transplanting
harvest stems at a length of one meter
then tie the stems in 50 pieces are
bundled long term storage of cassava
stems is not ideal as themes dehydrate
and can also be attacked by insects and
diseases
cassavas names can be stored for up to
eight weeks while storing cassava stems
avoid direct sunlight and hot or cold
wings ensure that boards face upwards
when stems of stored vertically store
only mattress names from lv cassava
plants planting materials can be
distributed through the following
channels government a donor assisted
agricultural projects strategically
located multiplication centers privates
and Misha agricultural projects
agricultural meetings training courses
farmer's field days and agricultural
shows demonstration plots multi
locations and on from trials where the
varieties are supplied to farmers for
testing and finally farmer to farmer
distribution
you